1) Pig Game: ES5, DOM Manipulation, and Event Handling

    - The game has 2 players, playing in rounds
    - In each turn, a player rolls a dice as many times as he whishes. Each result get added to his ROUND score
    - BUT, if the player rolls a 1, all his ROUND score gets lost. After that, it's the next player's turn
    - The player can choose to 'Hold', which means that his ROUND score gets added to his GLBAL score. After that, it's the next player's turn
    - The first player to reach 100 points on GLOBAL score wins the game

2) Budget App Emulator: ES6 and Advanced JavaScript (Objects & Functions)

   -Input Description and Value to generate Income and Expenses Tables on the browser. 
    Available Budget is generated by subtracting Total Expenses Sum from Total Income.
    Hovering over expenses show percentage of said expense of compared to Total Income.

   -PDF is linked outside of the Budgety Folder about its Project's Architecture:
                  UI Controller, Controller, Budget Controller 

3) Forkify: Using ES6, NPM, Babel and Webpack

   -Uses Food2Fork API to generate food recipes to make a Shopping/Like List of favorite recipes. 

   -Search in the Text Area to generate choices on the left column (scroll with pages in the bottom).
        Optional: Change Servings to change # of needed recipe ingredients)

   -"Add to Shopping List" to generate numbers record on the right column.
    My Shopping List has a delete option as a hover over all the ingredients if you have some at home.

   -Click on "Heart icon" to add to the top right "Heart Tab" 
      Hover over to show all liked Listings






